update task lock docs (#263)
m3dev/gokart: docs/using_task_cache_collision_lock.rst

        redis_port=6379
        redis_fail_on_collision=true

4. Set retry parameters

    Set following parameters to retry when task failed.

>     Values of ``retry_count`` and ``retry_delay`` are set in seconds.

Reviewer: I think `retry_count` is not set in seconds.

I like the listing, but feel free.

```suggestion
    * ``retry_count``: the max number of retries
    * ``retry_delay``: this value is set in seconds
```
